Elle - 

Welcome the CEJ News Desk - I'm Elle Codes-a-lot with today's News.

Jimmy Fallon takes over the tonight show from Jay Leno

Kim Kardashian and Kanye West get married

Pharrell's hit Happy tops the charts

Here's Jim with your sporting news...

Jim - 

Hi I'm Jim Cannamela with some sporting news.

In baseball the Milwakee Brewers, and San Francisco Giants are tied for the league lead with 24 wins each.

The Stanley Cup Playoffs are underway The Anaheim Ducks tied their series with the Los Angelos Kings 2-2 with a 2-0 victory last night.

And today Stephen Curry was names MVP for 2014-2015 season.

He was the second player in Golden State Warriors history and the first in 
the team's West Coast era (since 1962-63) to receive the Maurice Podoloff Trophy — 
55 years since Wilt Chamberlain won it as a rookie for the 1959-60 season. 

and now here's Connor with today local weather...

Connor - 

Hi I'm Connor with today's national weather outlook. For today, May 12 2014 it is looking like A
partly cloudy day with a high of 80 and a low of 66 degrees. Currently 11 mile an hour winds headed to the northeast,
and a slight drizzle that will clear up for a little bit in the afternoon. 

Looks like that tornado just took out the last Blockbuster store

Jim - Hey Elle you remember that for a web site, looks like the name Blockbuster is available for use.

Elle - Your right Jim that is a great idea for a site......

Slide 5 

    One of our challenges was creating a page to cycle through the movies which are
    currently streaming. We found an example of a slideshow, which was showing one
    item at a time and modified that logic a little to show 3 items.

    Initially the carousel, was skipping around in our list, we determined that it 
    was simple math and mutiple indexes which were causing our issues. We got those
    resolved and simplified our code as shown.

    If we pass in the next item to show to our function it displays that item and the
    next two, when the back button is clicked we substract 6 from the current index
    pass that value in and again show that and the next two.

    When we hit the end of the items, the index is reset to zero, when we go past the 
    beginning, the index is set to the last item index.

Slide 6

Challenges We Faced

    The nested calls Elle spoke of earlier threw us for a loop Initially, once we Better 
    grasped the asynchronous nature of the calls, we were able to get over that hump.

    We needed to pass data from the search results and the what's new page to the movie details 
    page, we thought about using a query string, however, we found some information on local
    storage and after a bit of trial and error we got that to work fairly smoothly.

    We already discussed the carousel.

    Some of our ideas for styling were a little difficult to accomplish with CSS, however 
    we are pretty happy with the outcome. With more time, we may have been able to explore 
    different options.

    To bring our main idea to fruition we need to exploit two APIs, the initial API had 
    even more data we would have loved to access, however, at $249 per month we needed to
    settle for an alternative. None the less, our product still provides a bounty of 
    information.
